Animatable template & animation transparency customization settings (#1304)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/New-or-Enhanced-Logics.md

AttachedSystem=  ; ParticleSystem
```

### Customizable animation transparency settings

- `Translucency.Cloaked` can be used to override `Translucency` on animations attached to currently cloaked TechnoTypes.
- `Translucent=true` animated transparency is now fully controllable via new keyframe settings.
  - Keyframes are defined via `Translucent.KeyframeN.*` settings where N is zero-based keyframe index.
  - `Translucent.KeyframeN.Value` is keyframe's transparency value.
  - `Translucent.KeyframeN.Percentage` is the percentage through the animation's frames where the keyframes becomes active. It is also possible to instead use zero-based frame index via `Translucent.KeyframeN.Absolute` which takes precedence over percentage.

>   - Keyframes should be listed in ascending order with no duplicate percentages / frames across different keyframes. Failure to do so can produce unpredictable results.

Author: Sure if you can think of a way to check for this without adding another massive layer of complexity.

AttachedSystem=  ; ParticleSystem
```

### Customizable animation transparency settings

- `Translucency.Cloaked` can be used to override `Translucency` on animations attached to currently cloaked TechnoTypes.
- `Translucent=true` animated transparency is now fully controllable via new keyframe settings. Read more about the keyframe system [here](Miscellanous.md#keyframe-animations).
  - If interpolation is enabled, the keyframe values are clamped to valid transparency values (0,25,50 and 75), e.g a value of 1.5 would become 0 and 56.525 would become 50 and so on.

In `artmd.ini`:
```ini
[SOMEANIM]                          ; AnimationType
Translucency.Cloaked=               ; integer - only accepted values are 75, 50, 25 and 0.

> Translucent.KeyframeN.Value=        ; integer - only accepted values are 75, 50, 25 and 0.
> Translucent.KeyframeN.Percentage=   ; floating point value, percents or absolute
> Translucent.KeyframeN.Absolute=     ; integer, zero-based frame index
> Translucent.Interpolation=none      ; Interpolation mode (none|linear)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translucent.KeyframeN.Value=        ; integer - only accepted values are 75, 50, 25 and 0.
Translucent                         ; animatable translucency value - only accepted values are 75, 50, 25 and 0.
```

This way we only need to update one place when we update the template. Also need to add a link to animatable template description.

Accepting ideas on better syntax in the code block.
